c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\ConwaysGameOfLife.exe
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\ConwaysGameOfLife.pdb
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\obj\x86\Debug\ConwaysGameOfLife.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\obj\x86\Debug\ConwaysGameOfLife.exe
c:\users\ethan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\obj\x86\Debug\ConwaysGameOfLife.pdb
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Background.xnb
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Cell.xnb
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Buttons\Pause.xnb
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Buttons\Play.xnb
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Buttons\Restart.xnb
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Buttons\Speed_10.xnb
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Buttons\Speed_2.xnb
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Buttons\Speed_30.xnb
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Buttons\Speed_5.xnb
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Buttons\Speed_P.xnb
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GenserSprites.dll
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GenserSprites.pdb
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Cursor2.xnb
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Courier New.xnb
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Buttons\Exit.xnb
C:\Users\Ethan\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ConwaysGameOfLife\ConwaysGameOfLife\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\GenserSprites.xml
